[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired counterintelligence
agent who served in the Air
Force Office of
Special Investigations.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts
trying to understand
the missions and the strategies
of non-human intelligences
on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>> Thank you.
>> The pyramids have been the
world's greatest mysteries.
Can you talk about any
military or agencies
that have obtained information
or artifacts from them?
>> Yes.
Recently, I've had access
to information pertaining
to the exploration
of the pyramids
by the United States government
as far back as the 1930s.
We gained access
to some information
from some source in the 1930s.
And back in those
days, very little
was known about the pyramids.
The Egyptians knew what
they were, obviously,
and they've done
their own exploration,
but not as detailed as we did.
We sent a secret team in to the
pyramid area, the area of Giza
and the other pyramids in
Egypt, to explore them.
We knew they were something
special back then.
We did a little bit at a time.
We went back some years
later, a few years later,
and explored more.
Then unfortunately,
World War II occurred,
and we had to stop that.
Now, take over the Germans.
The Germans were highly
interested in the pyramids.
They sent a number of
expeditions down there,
some we can read
about today, and some
that are probably still
hidden away in the archives.
"Indiana Jones" supposedly is
based on an actual incident
involving US
intelligence interfering
with the German intelligence
during the early days of World
War II.
>> Right.
I remember.
>> And I'd like to
hear from Tim on that.
>> What we know is that the
Germans at that time were
pretty interested in
not only pyramids,
but mostly every kind of
mysterious fact of history
on the Earth.
And the Germans--
Hitler sent troops to Egypt.
They heard rumors about
a certain civilization
that could have used and
built the pyramids way back.
And also, they had
this mystical thinking
that they wanted
to do research on.
Well, they basically found
that these pyramids either
could have been used or have
been used as power plants
or power devices.
So this is something the
Germans became aware of.
And we can see this is the
time when Nikola Tesla already
had done extensive research
on high-frequency, energetic
power.
And the physics
were ready for that.
So the Germans at
that time basically
had already a loose
idea about what
they were going to find there.
>> After World War II, once the
Central Intelligence Agency was
formed in 1947, in the early
'50s, the CIA sent a team back
to the pyramids.
This time, they
spent a lot of time
on the Sphinx and
another pyramid.
They found that if they placed
a signal collector-- now,
back in those days, a signal
generator wasn't found yet.
And that's something
that generated
frequencies or gathering them.
But they had something crude.
And they were finding that there
were frequencies coming out
of these pyramids, and they
couldn't figure out why.
They first thought there was
some type of maybe a radio
station or something that
was interfering with them,
but they didn't have
the technical equipment
during that time period
to analyze those signals.
Later on, in 1959,
they went back
with a really detailed,
well-manned team of scientists,
even some Egyptians.
The first time they actually
entered these pyramids--
they found a way to enter them.
And in the pyramids, they
detected hundreds and hundreds
of signals being generated.
They couldn't understand
where they were coming from,
thinking that maybe there
was some sort of transmitter
inside these pyramids,
but they couldn't find it.
They didn't know how it worked.
And of course, our technology
back in the late '50s
wasn't advanced as it is today.
So later on, in 1967, they
went back with other equipment,
and they detected
unique frequencies.
The thing about that
unique frequency coming
and out of these two main
pyramids that they were looking
at, and also the
Sphinx, was that they
were the exact same
frequencies that they
found coming out of a
pyramid in Southern Mexico.
So how can that be?
And how can there be
the same frequencies?
And how are they
being generated?
That's something that
they've later determined.
But, Tim, do you know about
these frequencies that
are being generated
out of these pyramids?
>> Yes, indeed.
So we did some studies on
the pyramids quite recently,
a few years back.
We found that by the way it has
been built, that they naturally
attract certain ions
from the atmosphere,
because what we know is
that the planet itself
has certain layers where you
have more and more frequential
ions that are positively
and negatively charged.
And you have a lot of voltage,
so to speak, going on there.
So the way the
pyramids are built up
to the material they are using,
they create a natural flow
from the top to the bottom.
You have different materials
at different stages
of the pyramid, and it
guides these natural
occurring energies pretty
much down this machine.
So yes, there seems to
be a natural current that
comes from these pyramids.
But through somebody having
destroyed the outer cover which
used to be around the pyramid,
the ions that are getting
charged cannot be holed
inside of the pyramid,
which is the actual functional
mechanism the pyramids need
in order to fully function.
Someone has broken this cover.
And due to that,
they're out of power
and they do not work anymore
because the ions just
get loose.
>> That coincides with what some
of the top scientists who were
working for the Central
Intelligence Agency and other
agencies found when they went to
the pyramids back in the '80s.
Now, over the years,
the US government
has conducted a number
of secret programs.
And I don't know if the
Egyptians were aware of these.
I'm sure they probably have now.
But where they went in
and collected artifacts
inside these pyramids.
I mean, there's 118, I
believe, pyramids in Egypt.
And they found some of the
pyramids to be built with,
as Tim said, a sheath that
maintained or collected energy
inside.
And then there was some way that
that energy was then dispersed.
They found that when they went
inside these pyramids, some
of the most remote pyramids
that few people know about,
some that have been damaged
over the thousands of years,
they found really unique
things about these damaged
pyramids, where the team would
go in and they would lose time.
They'd go in.
And after a while,
they would time--
there would be a clipboard
where somebody would--
>> Right, yeah.
>> --and they would put a tag
on the back of that person.
OK, you went in at 1300
hours, using military time.
And then they'd
time that person.
And that person would
keep this watch.
Well, then next thing
you know, this person
will come out six hours later
and thought they were only
in there for 20 minutes.
Well, how did that happen?
How did how did they
miss time inside--
not the pyramids that were
not damaged, but the ones that
had been damaged?
So scientists studied
that phenomena
for many, many,
many years, writing
all sorts of different
papers and trying
to understand frequencies.
Scientists,
theoretical physicists,
even the Institute
for Advanced Studies,
where I worked with Dr. Puthoff,
they studied that phenomena,
trying to understand why--
>> Time displacement.
>> --why there was
time displacement.
And you would talk to these
people when they'd come out.
And they would say, OK,
I went in at 1400 hours,
an hour later.
And the monitor
now says that they
had been in there six hours.
How can it be?
So is there some
kind of a time warp?
Is there some kind
of a stargate?
Did they go in
through a portal where
they went not in this dimension,
but in another dimension?
Did it disrupt their
thinking and their ability
to rationalize time?
These are all questions
that scientists
are trying to answer today.
>> Richard, do we know
what those frequencies are?
And could they be measured?
>> Yeah, they were measured.
And we know what they are.
Some of the information is
probably still classified.
But they were up in the
gigahertz range of frequencies.
And I'm not a
frequency expert, but I
know gigahertz is somewhere
around satellite frequencies
that they use to
communicate with satellites.
So they're in a wavelength
that didn't exist
or we didn't know
existed thousands
of years ago during
the Egyptian period
and when these
things were built.
5,000 years ago,
there was nothing
known about
frequencies, obviously.
And over the years, we're still
learning about frequencies.
Now we're talking about
terahertz frequencies.
It's beyond the
gigahertz frequencies.
So we know what the
frequencies are.
And that's how we measured
them, comparing the frequencies
coming out of the
Egyptian pyramids
to the ones that are coming
out of the Mexico pyramids.
Now, I'm sure they measured
the pyramids in other locations
in Central America.
I know they did an expedition to
Belize to measure that pyramid.
But I don't know about
Peru, and I don't
have any information on that.
But they know what
the frequencies are,
and they're studying them.
>> Did we learn anything from
Ebe 1 about the pyramids?
>> Yes, we did.
During the time Ebe
was here and after we
were able to implant something
in his throat in order
for him to speak, he quickly,
of course, learned English.
It was crude, but we
could understand him.
What he told us after he learned
what our physics were crudely
in our time periods,
he explained
that there were structures--
he didn't call them pyramids,
but he called them structures--
around the world that
were built by a cooperation
between humans and the ETs,
which we would call
pyramids, all over the world.
He didn't know our
geography, but he refers--
when his handlers
showed him maps,
he quickly grasped the
locations and said, yes, we
assisted in the construction
of some of these
what you call pyramids.
And he said they were
navigational beacons.
They were how we navigated.
And it wasn't just Earth.
Other planets they visited, they
built some kind of a structure
where they could navigate.
Now, it might be crude to us,
but if it was as sophisticated
5,000 years ago,
it was something
that their technology
had developed then.
>> Is it navigation, Richard,
amongst the stars or navigation
around the planet?
>> It was navigation
around the planet.
It's for other spacecrafts
visiting Earth to hone in on,
such as the Middle East.
Now, one of the things that
Ebe later on, before he passed
away, told us was they were very
interested in the Middle East.
Now, they didn't name countries
or anything like that.
But on our map,
once he figured out
where he was, and so forth,
the navigational system--
they were very interested
in the Middle East.
>> Why was it so special to him?
>> There are some sort of
healing powers that he was
trying to explain to us that
could occur in the sand,
really sandy areas,
such as the Middle East.
And I don't know that
we fully understood,
and I don't know what
he was telling us
or that he fully understood
what we were trying to get out
of him, but there
were healing powers
that were present in the
Middle East that wasn't
present at other locations.
And the Middle East, of
course, included Egypt.
>> Oh, I see.
Have you heard of healing
powers from the pyramids
through your connections
with extraterrestrials?
>> Yes.
So basically, what we found out
through extensive communication
with nonterrestrial
intelligence is
that the very first
pyramid, which
was the one in
Giza, the great one,
was mostly built
outside of time.
So this is something
that defies, so to speak,
reality in a way that
there's an equivalent
outside of time, which is
like a pyramid turnover.
>> Right.
But we then quickly learned
that the pyramid itself not only
had one function,
or two or three,
but a multitude of functions.
It's a super clever
design which is, in fact,
made by an intelligence that
has no representation in 3D.
It's something that
is outside of reality
and enables reality the
way we perceive it now.
But they told us it stabilizes
the way the planet works.
It indeed has
healing capabilities.
It had enhancing
meditative powers which
can be used in order to
gain access back and forth
with source itself.
It also functions as
a power supply system
that connects all these
different structures
around the planet.
There was more
than one function.
And we got our hands
on certain plans
where you can see that there
are more than those chambers
that we officially know of.
>> Right.
>> One of the things
that we found--
the US government found
in some of the artifacts--
our government thinks that
some of these artifacts that we
found inside these pyramids
were used to facilitate healing.
Without that particular device,
there wouldn't be any healing.
I think a person well known
to Gaia, Johnny Enoch,
talked about this, that
these devices, these sticks,
these cones, these things
that were found deep
inside the pyramid in
some secret chambers
were some kind of
healing powers.
But if you take these
outside the pyramid,
they didn't do anything.
And the same way with
the frequency generation.
If you took some of
these artifacts outside
and took them to
another country,
brought them back to the United
States or some laboratory
in Egypt--
>> Nothing.
>> --they didn't
generate any frequencies.
Only inside the pyramids
somehow, and I don't know how.
>> It's charging
them somehow, huh?
>> Exactly.
There had been
experiments years ago
where they placed batteries in
the pyramid and they charged.
And other things have charged.
So it has some kind of healing
generation of energy powers,
as Tim talked about.
>> You mentioned sand
contributes to healing
in the Middle East.
Could you explain that?
>> Well, Ebe didn't
fully explain that to us,
but he was fascinated with us
knowing about the pyramids,
the questions that
we were asking him.
But he centered his
attention on the Middle East
and telling us that the sand--
and once he explained
what it was,
we knew exactly what
he was talking about--
contained some kind
of healing powers.
And like I said earlier, I don't
know that we fully understood
how he was explaining it.
And so there's some
type of healing powers.
Now, I know they
brought him sand, but--
>> That was my next question.
>> --being in Los Alamos, the
sand came from probably White
Sands or New Mexico.
And I don't know.
I don't have any information.
I never read any of the
detailed debriefings about
whether that sand helped or not.
But he specifically
told the handler,
the captain that was his
handler, that the Middle East--
he was showing us where
the Middle East was--
the sand there generated healing
powers for them, for the Ebens.
>> It must be a frequency-based
reflection or something that
the sand is giving off.
What do you think, Tim?
>> What we do know is that the
materials that have been used
in order to build these
structures are specifically
chosen.
It's not randomly chosen, but
they are specifically chosen.
So from the top, the
pyramidium, until the ground
itself, they all conduct
a certain movement
of electricity.
Later on, they even put gold
onto the top of the pyramid,
but science made it pretty
clear that this wasn't
even necessary at all because
the material that already was
there had already done the job.
>> You mentioned earlier about
the artifacts that were found
inside the pyramid
during these expeditions.
Could you tell us more
about these artifacts?
And also, did you
find any bodies?
>> No, we didn't.
I've never read anything about
bodies being found in there
or mummified remains
or anything like that.
I think that they weren't
looking for those.
These artifacts were
wands, swords, chalices,
aluminum material that
were left in there
for some particular reason,
whether it was there
for the mummified remains or
whether the ETs or somebody
else left them there.
I've never read anything
about-- all of them--
they talk about the artifacts.
They talk about what
was found in there.
And there's pictures of
artifacts that were taken out
of the pyramids all over.
And Jonny Enoch has
a whole presentation
about some of these artifacts.
I don't know everything
about the artifacts,
nor do I know
everything that's made.
The only thing I know and
I read was those artifacts,
our scientists believe that
they were for healing only
inside the pyramids.
If you take them
out, they didn't
generate energy or
frequencies to do any healing.
>> There's a story that's
circulating in our group which
said that the Americans were on
a mission in the 1990s around
the pyramids, and that they
opened an underground chamber
and found a still-living ET
being that was down there
and left over from whoever
inhabited that area at that
time.
I don't know if it's
true because, again, this
is referring to the
United States Army.
But the story itself was quite
fascinating because they always
were speaking about that
this being, in particular,
was kind of a guardian,
and it was in this chamber,
and it was super old.
And so people were
at least assuming
that this life form
itself was there
about 5,000 years ago living
in this chamber, which
was totally, completely sealed.
So there was no
circulation of air.
There was no nutrition,
no food, no water.
And this was
basically the story.
So people were chatting
about and wondering
how this life form,
which they even
described with a tail,
which was down there,
how it could survive that long.
>> What did it look like?
>> And again, I'm not sure
if this is official or not,
but it's just something that
circulated in the group was
that it's less humanoid.
It had some kind of
very dark grey skin,
a weird more or less triangular
head, and a long tail.
And they were assuming that
it's a guard to this chamber.
And from what I've heard, it
was at least 5,000 years old.
>> Oh, amazing.
>> I don't know if
you know about this.
>> Yeah, that's a
story that, actually,
we at the Institute for Advanced
Studies got hold of that.
I think that it came out
some time in the early
'90s or mid-'90s or something,
that a team from NATO that went
there-- and I don't know if
any of this is true or not,
but the story we got was
similar to what he said,
was that a team went in there.
And I didn't hear that it
was just an American team.
I think it was a joint team.
But anyways, a team
went in this one chamber
and found this live
being in this chamber.
And according to
what I'd read, it
had a headdress similar
to what a Egyptian would
be wearing 5,000 years ago.
And now, that's
somewhat of a triangle--
I guess you could compare
that to a triangle-- had
very strange hands and arms.
It was somewhat lethargic
when the team found him.
>> I'd say so after 5,000 years.
>> And I think they figured
that it was surviving on energy.
It was some type of a being that
could gain strength or maintain
its health through
energy from the pyramids.
That's the story we got.
Unfortunately, we did a lot
of investigations on that,
and we confirmed that there
was a team that went there.
And one of the
commanders of the team--
I don't remember his rank.
I believe it was
United States Army--
told the story.
And then, of course,
there wasn't internet back
in those days, so
it got through--
and I think it was in
some kind of a magazine.
And then it was connected
to a science fiction book
some years ago that
somebody wrote.
So I've heard it all.
And Tim had a good description
of what he remembers,
and I have mine.
Now, whether that actually
happened-- or, of course,
my question was,
and our question,
what we wanted to know was,
what happened to the ET?
If you found an ET in there,
is he in Area 51 or where did
he go?
Or is he in Egypt?
Is Egypt keeping him?
That's the question.
>> Have either one of you
heard in the last decade about
a joint American
expedition to Giza,
where they actually snaked a
1,000-foot fiber optic camera
down in there, and they saw
underneath the pyramid a huge
city the size of Rome, with
statues and rock floors.
And I did see parts
of that video,
but I don't know if it's real.
Have you heard about this?
>> What I think I remembered
from the documents
and the research being done on
the pyramid is that not only
below the pyramid in Egypt,
but also below the pyramids
in Mexico--
>> Mexico, right.
>> --you find a
reservoir of water,
which adds to the currency
flow, the electrical charge
of the pyramid.
And it's necessary for the whole
design of the pyramid as well.
I can't actually believe that
there is a city below that,
but there is indeed a reservoir
of water, or used to be.
>> Were any of the
artifacts discovered clearly
nonterrestrial?
>> Yes.
Some of the artifacts that
were taken back and studied
at some laboratories like Sandia
National Laboratories and Los
Alamos National Laboratories,
where they can go down
to the molecular structure
of these artifacts
to determine what
they're made of,
and they found that
some of them contained
materials that clearly
didn't come from this planet.
And some of the materials
that we could identify
were fused in such a way that we
didn't have a method on Earth,
even then, even in
the '90s or the 2000s,
that could make these things,
fusing things like zinc
and other things together,
especially 5,000 years ago.
I mean, these artifacts
are carbon dated.
Some of them were carbon dated
to 5,000 or 6,000 years ago.
So we knew they were old.
And who made them?
They couldn't have been made
by any of Earth's civilizations
that long ago.
And some of the
material, I think
two or three different
elements of the material,
was found in such minute
quantities on Earth,
but we knew then that
this material is found
in space in other planets.
So who made them?
They would have had to have been
an extraterrestrial race that
created these things and
gave them maybe as a gift
to the occupants of the pyramids
or the occupants of that area,
of Giza.
>> What else in the excavations
that was discovered that may
point to nonhuman life?
>> Well, in one of the damaged
pyramids in the South of Giza,
the one that was
heavily damaged--
I don't recall the
name of that one--
they did find an
exoskeleton of an ET.
And we know it was because
we had that material,
we had that skeletal
structure of that ET
in our laboratory that we had
recovered in a prior crash
some years ago, probably
in the '60s or '70s.
So we knew that skeletal
structure was that of an ET.
The exploration team
found that in one
of those damaged pyramids.
>> What did that
skeleton look like?
Did it look human?
Do they know that race
already, you said,
because it's familiar looking?
>> Yeah, it was
definitely an ET.
And I said they compared
that skeletal structure
with what they've already had.
And it was a small,
4-foot being--
the skeletal structure.
And I don't know.
I'm not a medical specialist.
And I had never seen
an autopsy of one.
But the skeletal structure of
an Eben or the smaller Greys
are distinct.
They're totally different
than that of a human.
I know that.
I mean, I've had discussions
with Dr. Kit Green about this.
They don't look like us.
So if you find something,
you recognize it
as extraterrestrial.
And maybe you know
something more
about the skeletal
structure of the Greys.
>> Well, I'm not a medical
professional as well.
So the Greys use a
fiber-printed material,
which enables them to be doing
all these missions that they
do in this planet.
I think that the Ebens have
indeed a skeleton structure
because they are,
well, biological life
forms in that way.
But I didn't do an
autopsy on them.
>> Were the pyramids
developed by humans pre-flood
or extraterrestrials?
>> We have received by fact a
timeline from Being Six about
this question.
So what they told us is that
the very first pyramid, which
was the Great Pyramid in Giza,
was built outside of time,
but means it also created
the observable time
that we have on this planet.
So there is a nonreality
aspect to this pyramid.
All the other pyramids
that came later on
were a combined effort
between certain ET races, who
gave the technology as
a gift, and the humans
that were inhabiting
that space at that time.
>> Do the pyramids resonate in
another dimension at the same
time as this dimension?
>> Yes, 100%.
It's hard to grasp.
What they have told us--
Being Six-- is that outside
of time, the universe itself
is projecting its awareness out
into the wild, extensive fields
of probabilities, and it's
looking for paradoxes, which
they explain us as clouds
of controversial ideas
that need decisions,
otherwise they
keep on being undefined spots
in the universe that cry,
so to speak, for
definition in some way.
So what the universe
then has done
is creating these pyramidal
structures that resemble
this tetrahedron geometry.
>> Yeah, tetrahedron.
>> Right.
It's the one you see on
Gaia that's moving along.
It seems as if the polygons that
create this perceivable reality
are structured in
a similar geometry.
And through imitating
this inside and outside
of time, the universe
itself has a way
to perceive itself in time.
And it's not by chance
that the pyramid itself
has certain algorithms
that resonate
with the speed of light as well.
>> Absolutely.
Tim, are the pyramids here on
planet Earth also connected
to pyramids on other planets?
>> 100% yes.
That is actually what
Being Six told us,
that any other planet
has its own pyramids.
They have this
very first pyramid
as much as the Earth has it.
And it's meant to
be placed there
in order to perceive time--
>> Reality.
>> Well, actually,
it's light and time,
so the relationship
between time and light.
And that's the reason
why they put it there.
And this is also the reason
why you find this eye--
the eye everywhere in Egypt.
It indicates it's the universe
that is observing itself
in that moment.
>> Is there a way to use the
pyramid to accelerate ourselves
out of this third density?
>> Great question.
Yes, 100%.
This is actually what
Being Six described.
It functions the other
way around as well.
And it's been done many times
with the humans at that time.
They entered certain chambers,
and their consciousness
went back to this wild field
where it's not observing time.
And basically, these
strange effects
are reported throughout history.
For example, Napoleon,
who slept there one night,
he mentioned this
reality-bending effect
on his consciousness.
But yes, 100%, they
are exits as well.
>> Weren't they being used
by the pharaohs and the--
I'll say, the medical witch
doctors back in that time?
If you could go in there
and spend one night
without killing
yourself or leaving,
then you have obtained a
higher level of consciousness.
>> Yes, that's what happens
later on in history.
So Being Six, when they gave us
this timeline of incidents that
happened, they describe that
later on, those early cultures
pretty much evolved their
society around the pyramids.
And indeed, there was
a class of priests
that were doing all these
meditative experiments
in the pyramids.
And you're absolutely right.
The difference that
Being Six described
was that Egypt was built
for a one-man experience.
And the one in Mexico
that pretty much does
the same function or
has the same function,
does the same thing, it
was a communal effect.
>> Well, that's some
great information, guys.
I really appreciate you.
Thanks, Rick, for
being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> And, Tim, it's always
a pleasure having you on.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We, United States government,
knew early in the '60s people
had special abilities
to foresee things.
>> They tapped into all these
nonterrestrial intelligences
and perceived a lot of
information from them through
remote viewing.
>> He described the
interior of the craft,
the number of the
ETs in the craft,
where they were
sitting at councils.
So that's the perfection
of remote viewing.
[THEME MUSIC]